this isn't some little skill if you
can't negotiate you're not getting
anywhere because you might ask yourself
well why do I have to negotiate the
alternatives are to use force on others
or just to comply with what people
request from you there are really only
three states of being you can negotiate
you can tyrannize or you can be enslave
a good negotiation doesn't mean a
compromise a good negotiation means that
both parties walk away satisfied a great
negotiation means both parties walk away
thrilled the best possible deal is the
best possible deal for you and for the
other person at the same time to
negotiate properly you have to know what
you want well how do I know what I want
it's complicated if you negotiate
something successfully you get to where
you wanted to go
[Music]